FOURTH SCHEDULE
(Restrictions and Regulations)

[ILLEGIBLE - original scan quality too poor for OCR]

[The following fragments are partially recoverable from the scan:]

1. [Partial text regarding restrictions on the demised premises]

2. [Partial text regarding reservations under the Lease]

3. Not to obstruct or interfere with the Lessor's property.

4. [Partial text regarding power and rights]

5. No audible outside the demised premises [partial text regarding noise restrictions].

6. No record player television wireless loudspeaker or other musical or other mechanical instrument of any kind shall be played or used nor shall any music be practised in or on the demised premises so as to be audible outside the demised premises between the hours of [ILLEGIBLE] at any time so as to cause nuisance or annoyance to the owners lessees or occupiers of the remainder of the Lessor's property.

7. Not (except for the proper use of a disposal unit (if any)) to throw dirt rubbish or refuse or permit the same to be thrown into baths lavatories cisterns or sinks or to put or deposit waste or other matter into fixed sinks or soil pipes in the demised premises.

8. No flower box or other object shall be placed on the exterior of the demised premises or on any window of the demised premises without the written consent of the Lessor.

9. Not to cause any interference with the rights to the demised premises as are excepted and reserved to the Superior Lessors the Lessor and the owners and occupiers of other parts of the Lessor's property whether by the Lease or by this Underlease or the Lease relating to other premises whether now existing or hereafter granted.

10. Not to alter any part of the adjacent property of the Lessor.

11. [Partial text regarding restrictions]

12. No bird dog cat or other animal which in the opinion of the Lessor may cause annoyance shall be kept in the demised premises without the written consent of the Lessor.

13. [Partial text regarding items not to be shaken out of the windows or placed in the garden or basement areas and restrictions on animals on any other part of the Lessor's property.]
